---
permalink: /
title: "Hello"
excerpt: "Hello"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

When I arrived at university, I had given little to no thought about what I may do with my life. Everyone seemed to go to university and I enjoyed mathematics, but I thought nothing beyond that surface level analysis. I did the freshers events and mingled away my first two months, until one fateful November evening. While cooped up in bed watching Netflix, I stumbled upon Ashton Kutcher's Jobs biopic. And somewhere a light bulb went off. Computers were the way forward. 

I rang three friends immediately, saying something along the lines of "We have two and a half years left, I reckon we could get pretty good at this coding thing". But they dismissed my euphoria outright. If it wasn't banking, it wasn't right. If it wasn't already clear, I came from a bubble like community that was difficult to break out of. I started to google computers and as a result of the all surveilling algorithms, I was recommended the Machine Learning Society as a page on Facebook. Little did I know my life was about to change forever. 

I signed up and went to their launch event, excited to get into the community. They were recruiting a new committee, including a Director of Outreach. Being technically incompetent, I leaped at the chance and was welcomed into the family by Harry and Haroon (the founding presidents). However, my involvement stagnated over the subsequent seven months and during the summer of 2018, I dropped out of the society for a few weeks. My bubble like community seemed to prove too strong and before I knew it, I had applied for all manners of banking and conulting summer internships. However, after a somewhat careful review of where the world was headed, I decided to drop out of the orchestra instead and rejoined the Machine Learning Society. 

Still lost at the start of second year, I attended an algorithmic trading hackathon in order to impress a friend of my aunt. However the individual sitting next to me recommended Andrew Ng's Machine Learning Course which I duly completed. Charged up and keen to make my mark, I invited a Director at DeepMind into Imperial for a talk on general intelligence. Despite not knowing what it was, I was mesmerised. He gave me some reading material (Goodfellow's bible) at a follow-up chat the week after, and I delved straight in. While on a plane to India at Christmas, I began reading a manual on Python. I also began to keep a diary at this point in my life, jotting down ephihanies and life crises that swirled daily. 

After Christmas, Harry messaged the Machine Learning Society whatsapp chat, asking if anyone wanted to hang out at his on a Wednesday night. This was the moment I had been waiting for. I was the only one who turned up and that fateful evening would lead to an exciting couple months. Eager to make some extra cash, we created an AI in Fintech lecture series. Harry taught and I sold the course around London. I took two weeks off university running around business schools to find willing buyers. We ended up pocketing £4000, even though I was a teaching assistant who knew nothing about deep learning. 

Harry had dropped out of university a few months prior to this hustle, got into YCombinator and invited me out to Palo Alto for a week in the summer of 2019. My parents thought it would be a good idea to see what Silicon Valley is like too. So in my characteristically shamless style, I created a fake gazette in London and pretended to be a journalist who wanted to interview Stanford PhDs about their work. Quite a few happily obliged, and for a week I had the inside track on CS at Stanford. I remember sitting with Harry at the end of the week and saying, I want to study here. He coldly said, "You can't even code", and unfortunately he was right. 

I had set up a research stint at Imperial that summer with Ben Calderhead to get a letter of reference for a potential Masters Program. However he quit halfway through and ran away to San Francisco to join a hedge fund. So as third year commenced, I was back at square one. I had even joined and quit a social sporting startup over the summer, which thankfully proceeded to go bankrupt. Frightened by my imminent unemployment, I applied to twenty jobs in one night, praying someone would take me. Following nineteen swift rejections, Jack from Milan decided to give me a shot. His offer: six weeks at thirty hours a week of unpaid work, after which he may offer me a part time role. I hurriedly said yes.

After surviving the gruelling stint (after which he did offer a job when I graduate), I was rather randomly approached by a graduate student in mathematics for a cup of coffee. Always down to meet new people, I happily said yes and admired his verve. He mentioned that he felt causality was the future of AI and recommended I read Judea Pearl. He would later get paranoid schizophrenia and take a break from academica. Excited by Pearl's latest book, I got into two research experiences in causal discovery, spanning January to September 2020 (while completing the degree). As promised, I would then fly to Milan to start my new job with Jack. 

On my second day in Milan, I received a call. It was the CEO. He was shutting down the company. As a baron and descendant of the Agnelli royal family, he was a former equestrian for Italy and Austria under 16s. Despite several years in the dark, during which he started a fintech, on the day I arrived in Milan, he received a call up to be a show jumper for the Italian national equestrian team. After suffering some high net worth burnout, he shut the startup. I told him I would make his life miserable in a adrenaline fuelled rant and he gave me a couple months severance. 

By this point I had sent out some Masters applications rather hopelessly. And I had the rest of the year to kill. I worked at an Indian company and Scottish company remotely for nine months while tiding over this period. I also engaged in several side projects while exploring the depths of ML research. I attempted to predict fast balls in the game of baseball, rather unsuccessfully. I built a mobile app that rewarded those who beat daily screen time challenges. I even scraped pizza data from Deliveroo to help restaurant owners price their menus. But most importantly, I read about 50 books over this year spannning politics, economics, biotechnology and back, so that my worldview was much clearer before graduate school. For some godly reason, Stanford took me in. And I spent the next six months waiting in anticipation for the big move. 

I soon realised I should capitalize on my career capital in causality which most people still didn't know or understand. So after validating my idea at Stanford, I decided to build a causal inference business intelligence platform. I don't know if this will work or not. But if my track record suggests anything, I'll find a way somehow. 